[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Aimer's "Brave Shine"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Aimer singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Brave shine ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Stay the night ♪♪
♪♪ You save my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Your brave shine ♪♪
Is that all you've got?
[Gilgamesh] You're just
a fake after all.
You're incapable
of saving anything.
It's so painfully obvious,
even Archer could tell.
Your ideals
are clearly not your own.
What makes you think
you can accomplish something
when you aren't even capable
of original thought?
Your arrogance is breathtaking.
Hero of justice?
A world where no one cries?
Don't be ridiculous.
Humanity is a beast incapable
of enjoying life
without sacrifice.
Equality is nonsense.
A lie spouted by those too weak
to look upon the darkness.
An excuse to cover up
the ugliness they can't accept.
[Shirou] Yeah, he's right.
My feelings aren't my own.
They're a mask I wear
that I borrowed
from someone I watched
be a hero.
Back then,
I was totally empty inside.
Everyone was dying
and there was nothing
I could do to save them.
I tried to convince myself
that people can't live without
other sacrifice.
Otherwise I could never
have survived.
That's why...
That's why I had
so much admiration
for his ideal.
Is that so wrong?
Are my feelings fake because
I got them from someone else?
And if so,
does that mean
I shouldn't even try?
No, there's no way that's true.
It doesn't matter if it's fake
or impossible to achieve.
I know I can't save everything,
and that you can't save
one person
without sacrificing another.
And even though I knew it
was just an ideal,
I've longed for it more
and more every day.
Even if I had to hurt some
to save many,
I'd keep reaching for a world
where no one ever had
to get hurt again.
In the end,
this world was his reward.
He once told me that
what I believe in‐‐
what I've always believed in‐‐
was hypocritical.
But despite what he said,
he stayed true
to that same hypocrisy until
the day he died.
So I can, too.
I don't care if it's
a borrowed ideal,
or if it's fake.
It's still my ideal
and I'm going to do whatever
it takes to keep
that dream alive.
Even if I never find
a single thing
I'm searching for.
I get it.
All this time,
that was it.
I'll admit that I
was holding back,
but you must have been affected
by the blast from Ea.
[Shirou] All those weapons
and you really expect me
to believe you're holding back?
Gimme a break.
Ea was forged only
for supreme kings,
and someone like you
isn't even worthy
of gazing upon it.
[gasps]
[shouts]
[scoffs]
Saber!
Are you okay, Shirou?
I will take over from here.
No.
You go help Tohsaka.
Make sure that she's okay.
I can handle him.
Just leave Gilgamesh to me.
[gasps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Saber] What are you saying?
A mage is simply no match
for a servant.
I know,
but remember.
Both of us are exceptions
to the rules.
Don't worry.
I can beat him.
I know I can!
[gasps]
Then good luck.
I promise I will save Rin.
[Shirou] Saber!
I tried my best but I'm sorry.
I couldn't save you.
[gasps]
[Shirou] But listen.
I don't think this Grail
is what you hoped it would be.
So go ahead and take
a good look.
Make sure that next time
you can get it right.
Shirou.
[Shirou] Sorry, it's kinda hard
to explain.
I guess I never really had what
it takes to be your master.
So...
I don't think that's true.
Shirou, you are my master.
[exhales]
[Saber] I must go fulfill
my duty as a servant.
We will continue afterwards.
[laughing]
[Gilgamesh] Are you out
of your mind?
You're seriously going
to sacrifice yourself instead
of using Saber?
You fool!
Giving up your own life
so that someone else
can keep theirs is a lie.
Even now you still
can't see that,
making you
an inveterate hypocrite.
A hypocrite and a fraud.
[Shirou] It's like you said.
I'm a fake, remember?
Hmm?
[Shirou] But I had it all wrong.
My skill has nothing
to do with making swords.
There's only one thing I can do,
and that's give form
to what's in my mind!
I am the bone of my sword!
Steel is my body
and fire my blood.
I have created
over 1,000 blades.
‐ [scoffs]
‐ [Shirou] Unaware of loss
nor aware of gain.
Withstood pain
to create weapons,
waiting for one's arrival.
I have no regrets.
This is the only path.
My whole life
was Unlimited Blade Works!
You see?
It's not swords I make.
I create a world
that holds swords
without number.
That's the only magic allowed
to Shirou Emiya.
[Gilgamesh] A reality marble?
And what of it?
What can you achieve
with a wretched
mental landscape?
[grunts]
There's nothing
to be surprised about.
Everything here is fake.
But it doesn't matter.
There's no law that says
a fake can't surpass
the original.
[Shirou] If you claim
to be the genuine article,
I'll just have to surpass you
in every way and take you down.
[gasps]
Let's go,
king of heroes.
I hope you've stored up
enough weapons.
[scoffs]
Don't get cocky,
mongrel.
[Saber] What in the world
is that?
If summoned improperly,
I servant can be twisted
that badly?
[groans]
Rin!
Where are you?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Saber] Rin!
[Rin] Saber.
[gasps]
I'm coming!
‐ Saber, no!
‐ [gasps]
Huh?
But why?
[Rin] You have to trust me.
This muck is similar
to a servant!
There's no telling what
would happen if you touched it.
[gasps]
I understand.
Then hurry!
Join me on this side!
I will take care of this myself.
Just get clear!
[Rin] Right.
Whatever you say.
But if I don't make it out
in time,
you know what you have
to do.
But I cannot!
And if that is the alternative,
I will save you now!
[Saber] I can handle this.
[gasps]
Huh?
You used a command seal?
[Rin] Of course I did.
You're the only one
who can destroy the Grail,
remember?
I'm not about to let you throw
your life away.
Besides, I can get out
of this mess no problem.
Don't worry about me.
I can take care of myself.
You've gotta trust me
on this one.
Just have your holy sword ready.
I'm going to need it.
Rin.
Good speech,
but it's one of those things
that's easier said than done.
[Rin] If I gave Shinji back,
I wonder if this thing
would let me go?
[grunts]
What the...
[Saber] What is this?
[splashing]
‐ [Rin screams]
‐ Rin!
[snarling]
Oh, no!
[booming]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[Shirou groans]
[gasps]
Mongrel.
How could his blades match mine?
‐ [Shirou] Don't you get it?
‐ [grunts]
[Shirou] Because of your
1,000 Noble Phantasms,
you're probably ranked
as the top heroic spirit,
aren't you?
But you're a king,
not a warrior like
the other servants.
You may have lots of weapons,
but you didn't choose
to master any of them.
You're just like me.
We're both incomplete.
[gasps]
When I'm done with you,
there won't be anything left!
Not one shard
of your counterfeiting skull!
[gasping]
[exhales sharply]
[Rin] This really sucks.
I don't even know which way
I should crawl
to get out of this thing.
[grunts]
[growling]
[shouts]
[gasps]
That idiot.
He's really guzzling my mana,
isn't he?
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
I guess this is it.
But no,
I'm not going to die like this!
By command seal,
I order you, Saber!
Destroy the Holy Grail now!
[gasps]
No, Rin!
I beg you!
Please!
[Saber]
Get out of there right now!
I'm sorry, Saber.
I knew that you
would never obey.
Not willingly.
And you,
I'm really sorry, Shinji.
[Rin] Sorry I couldn't save you.
Please forgive me.
[Archer] I refuse to listen
to such pathetic whining.
[gasps]
[booming]
[roaring]
[gasping]
[Archer] Now go, Rin!
[gasps, grunts]
[grunting]
[Saber breathing heavily]
[buzzing]
[grunting]
Hurry, Rin!
[Rin grunting]
Saber!
I'm entrusting you
with the very last of my mana!
Use it to blast
that damn Holy Grail!
Hit it as hard as you can
so there's nothing left!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[Saber] Ex...
Calibur!
[groans]
[booming]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
Oh, my.
Our pact is concluded.
And victory is yours, Rin.
[Saber] Were it allowed,
I would have liked to remain
to see what is
to become of you and Shirou.
But unfortunately
that is not my place.
I feel good knowing
that Shirou has you.
[buzzing]
[panting]
[grunts]
[shouting]
[growling]
Impossible!
How am I losing ground
to a pathetic little faker?
If I was fighting
any other servant,
I'd be no match with them even
in this reality marble.
Having an infinite number
of swords would mean nothing
against an opponent
who had mastered just one,
but against you it's different.
My swords are ready and waiting
for anything you've got!
I'm a step ahead of you!
[groaning]
Damn you!
‐ [grunts]
‐ You little brat!
‐ Rot in hell!
‐ [grunts]
[Shirou grunts]
Damn you!
I can't believe I have
to go all out against
a fraud like you!
[grunting]
[blades clanging]
[shouting]
[grunts]
[booming]
[gasping]
Rho Aias!
[grunting]
[winces]
‐ [Gilgamesh grunts]
‐ [screams]
I'll grant you this.
You're more powerful than I,
for now!
[Shirou] Go to hell!
[blow lands]
[Gilgamesh breathing heavily]
[both gasping]
[Shirou groaning]
[electric sparking]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Running out of mana
is such a pathetic end.
Victory is yours.
But it won't save your life.
Faker.
[booming]
What?
What are you doing?
How dare you drag me in,
you wretch?
[gasps]
Wait!
The hole of the Grail!
[rumbling]
[Chains rattling]
[Shirou grunting]
That sick abomination!
Doesn't it realize that
a fellow servant
can't be made its core?
Crap!
You're trying
to pull me in with you!
You fool!
I will not die like this today!
Stay where you are, mongrel!
At least until
I can get back over to you!
[groaning]
[Shirou] Fat chance!
It ends now,
even if it costs me my arm!
[snarls]
[scoffs]
Go ahead and cut your arm,
but first take a step
to the right.
[gasps]
[whooshing]
Archer!
[arrow slices]
Damn...
You.
[grunting]
[gasping]
[exhales]
That guy.
[Shirou] Always showin' off.
[Rin] Archer!
[breathing heavily]
Archer.
[panting]
[Archer] It's a shame, really,
but it is what it is.
Give up on the Grail, Rin.
At least for now.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Wh‐‐What's with that?
Are you laughing
at me right now?
What's so funny?
[Archer] Yeah, sorry about that,
but you just looked so pathetic,
I couldn't help myself.
I was thinking how the two
of us make one
sorry‐looking pair.
Archer.
I want you
to pact with me again, okay?
[exhales]
I'm afraid I can't.
[Archer] I doubt
it would be allowed.
And besides,
I no longer have a goal.
Like it or not,
my battle ends here.
But‐‐but that means...
That no matter
how much time passes,
you won't...
[gasps]
That was unexpected.
[Archer] Rin.
[gasps]
Keep an eye on me.
I'm helpless,
but you already know that,
so just be there for me.
Archer.
[whimpers]
[Rin] Okay.
I got it.
I promise I'll try.
I'll do my best to make sure
he doesn't turn into
a jerk like you,
and I promise I'll do all I can
to get him to learn
to like himself.
You do the same, okay?
That's good enough for me.
Don't worry, Tohsaka.
I'll be fine.
I swear.
I'll try my hardest from now on.
[whimpering]
[Rin] Dammit.
I didn't even get a chance
to chew him out.
[footsteps approaching]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Come on.
Let's go.
[chuckles]
[giggles]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kalafina's "Ring Your Bell"]
[Kalafina singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Ring your bell ♪♪